NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED WITH
"YU-GI-OH 5D's!"
HEY, AKIZA,
YOU IN HERE?
IT'S JACK. AKIZA!
HUH?
I KNOW THESE.
THEY LOOK LIKE... CARLY!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
WHAT'S WITH
THIS DUEL DISK?
WHAT'S THIS
MARK ON MY ARM?!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
CARLY, DON'T BE
AFRAID OF YOUR DESTINY.
WHEN THE LIFE YOU ONCE
KNEW WAS TAKEN AWAY,
YOU HAD UNFINISHED
BUSINESS, SOMETHING YOU
NEEDED TO SAY OR DO.
THE IMMORTALS GAVE YOU
THEIR POWER SO THAT YOU
COULD, WELL,
STICK AROUND.
THAT'S A LIE!
DON'T WORRY.
YOU WILL
UNDERSTAND SOON,
BUT BEFORE YOU CAN DO THAT,
YOU HAVE TO FIGURE
OUT WHAT IS YOUR
UNFINISHED BUSINESS?
AND HOW CAN IT BENEFIT
THE DARK SIGNERS.
Jack: HEY, YOU!
YEAH, YOU.
WHY YOU LOOK SO
FAMILIAR?
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
CARLY, IS THAT YOU?
YES.
WHAT'S GOING
ON HERE?
YOU CAN'T REALLY BE
A DARK SIGNER.
IF IT'S ANSWERS THAT
YOU WANT, YOU'LL HAVE TO
COME FIND ME TOMORROW.
TILL THEN, JACK.
[THINKING]
I'M COMING TO HELP YOU, CARLY.
'CAUSE WHEN I WAS HURT,
YOU TOOK CARE OF ME,
AND WHEN I WAS DOWN,
YOU PICKED ME UP.
NOW IT'S MY CHANCE
TO RETURN THE FAVOR.
YOU CAN BRING THAT
BEAST BACK AGAIN?
THAT'S RIGHT, ROMAN,
AND NOW HE'S GOING
TO ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
YOU REALLY THINK IT'S
OVER, DON'T YOU?
WELL UNLESS YOU SEAL
ALL THE TOWERS BY SUNSET,
THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD
WILL RESURRECT!
UNH! AAH! AAH!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
HUH?
WHAT IN THE...
I'M ALRIGHT,
WE'RE ALL ALRIGHT.
WAIT A MINUTE!
WHERE'S YUSEI?!
OH DEAR.
[THINKING]
DON'T YOU WORRY, CARLY,
IF YOU'RE OUT THERE...
NOTHING WILL STOP
ME FROM FINDING YOU.
WELL, WELL.
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
YES, THIS MUST BE IT.
WHERE YOU'VE BEEN HIDING
AND WHERE I'LL
SAVE YOU, CARLY.
AAH!
HUH?!
OHH.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU
BECAME A DARK SIGNER,
BUT IF I HAVE ANYTHING
TO SAY ABOUT IT,
YOU WON'T BE
ONE FOR LONG.
CARLY, I KNOW
YOU'RE IN THERE!
I'VE COME HERE
TO HELP YOU!
IF ONLY YOU'LL
LET ME.
CARLY!
NO, IT CAN'T BE.
BUT IT IS.
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU, JACKIE!
CARLY, WHO DID
THIS TO YOU?
TELL ME!
WHO, JACK?
YOU MUST BE JOKING... THE
ANSWER IS SO OBVIOUS...
YOU ARE THE ONE
RESPONSIBLE!
NO, YOU'RE MISTAKEN.
I'M THE ONE WHO'S
TRYING TO SAVE YOU!
PLEASE, IN THE END YOU
CHOSE TO CUT ME OFF
BECAUSE YOU
THOUGHT I WAS ONE
OF THE PAPARAZZI.
PAPARAZZI?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S NOT TRUE!
OH YES IT IS,
IF ONLY YOU HAD BEEN
A LITTLE NICER, JACKIE.
DON'T YOU SEE,
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO PROTECT YOU.
THAT'S WHY I
ALWAYS KEPT YOU
AT A DISTANCE.
CARLY.
I DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO GET INVOLVED...
TO GET HURT!
WELL, YOU FAILED.
AND NOW, IT'S MY TURN
TO EVEN THE SCORE!
FACE IT, JACKIE,
I'M A DARK SIGNER
BECAUSE OF YOU!
WRONG, CARLY!
BUT IT WILL BE
BECAUSE OF ME
THAT YOU'RE RID OF
THIS DARK SCOURGE.
I WILL DO WHATEVER
I MUST TO RELEASE
YOU OF IT!
REALLY?
WELL, I'M AFRAID
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO DO THAT, JACKIE.
AND IN CASE YOU'RE
IN THE DARK AS TO WHAT
WAY THAT IS, ALLOW ME
TO ENLIGHTEN YOU.
THE STAGE IS SET.
AND NOW, ONLY ONE
THING REMAINS... WE DUEL.
BUT I SHOULD WARN YOU,
THIS GOES BOTH WAYS.
YOU WIN, I RETURN
TO HOW I WAS.
HOWEVER, SHOULD I WIN,
YOU BECOME
A DARK SIGNER LIKE ME!
SO? WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I SAY, BRING IT!
CHECK IT OUT!
SOMEONE'S DUELING.
MUST BE JACK!
I'M SO PLEASED
YOU ACCEPTED
MY CHALLENGE, JACKIE.
A BIG SHOT PRO
DUELIST LIKE YOU FACING
AN AMATEUR LIKE ME?
FOR A MINUTE THERE
I WAS AFRAID FACING ME
WOULD BE BENEATH YOU.
WHO SAYS IT'S NOT?
AH, THAT'S THE JACK
I KNOW,
ARROGANT
UNTIL THE VERY END.
AND THIS WILL
BE YOUR END.
NOW THEN, ALLOW ME TO
GET THINGS STARTED.
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED WORLD
FIELD SPELL!
MY, MY, AREN'T YOU
IN A HURRY TO LOSE!
VERY WELL.
LET'S DO THIS!
AH, THE IRONY.
BEFORE I WAS CHASING
AFTER YOU AND HANGING
OFF YOUR EVERY WORD
BUT NOW THINGS HAVE
GONE FULL CIRCLE.
NOW, YOU'RE
THE DESPERATE ONE.
THAT'S RIGHT,
DESPERATE TO GET
THE OLD CARLY BACK.
AND THERE'S NO WAY
I'LL BE DENIED!
LET'S DUEL!
WHOEVER'S FIRST TO TURN
THE CORNER COMING UP
GETS TO MAKE
THE FIRST MOVE.
[THINKING]
IF THAT'S HOW YOU
WANT TO PLAY IT, FINE.
TIME TO TAKE THIS
INTO OVERDRIVE!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
PROBLEM?
LOOKS LIKE
THE HONOR'S MINE.
HERE GOES!
FIRST I'LL SUMMON
FORTUNE LADY LIGHT!
Computer: FORTUNE LADY LIGHT'S
LEVEL INCREASES VERY TURN,
AND ITS ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS ARE EQUAL
TO ITS LEVEL
MULTIPLIED BY 200.
SO, JACKIE BOY, IT LOOKS
LIKE THE FIRST MOVE
HAS BEEN MADE.
TIME TO SEE WHAT MY DECK'S
GOT PLANNED FOR YOU NEXT.
[THINKING]
THIS CARD?
HOW LONG ARE THEY GOING
TO KEEP ME ALL ALONE
AND LOCKED UP
IN THIS ROOM?
WHAT IS IT THAT
THEY WANT WITH ME?
Roman: SINCE YOU ASKED,
I WILL TELL YOU...
THE ANSWER IS
IN THE CARDS.
THE CARDS?
SWEET, INNOCENT
CARLY.
YOU NEED ONLY BUT LOOK
AND YOU WILL SEE
WHAT I SPEAK OF.
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
HA HA HA!
FINALLY, I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN!
THAT'S IT FOR MY TURN.
NOW SHOW ME WHAT
YOU GOT, JACKIE!
WITH PLEASURE!
I THINK THAT'LL
DO FOR NOW.
THAT'LL DO?
BUT YOU DIDN'T SUMMON
A MONSTER OR EVEN
PLACE A FACEDOWN!
OH, WAIT.
I GET IT... YOU'RE STILL
RACKED WITH GUILT,
AREN'T YOU, JACKIE?
FOR WHAT YOU DID,
FOR HOW YOU GAVE ME
THE COLD SHOULDER WHEN
I NEEDED YOU THE MOST.
WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD.
DON'T YOU SEE?
JUST BECAUSE YOU WON'T
ATTACK ME, DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I WON'T ATTACK YOU!
AND NOW I'LL SACRIFICE
FORTUNE LADY LIGHT
TO BRING OUT A PAIR
OF MONSTERS
THAT'LL DO JUST THAT!
YOU SEE, WHEN LADY
LIGHT LEAVES THE FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
ANY MONSTERS
FROM MY DECK JUST SO LONG
AS THEY HAVE FORTUNE LADY
IN THEIR NAME.
SO COME ON
OUT, FORTUNE LADY EARTH
AND FORTUNE LADY DARK!
IN CASE YOU WERE
WONDERING... THEIR
ATTACK POINTS ARE EQUAL
TO THEIR LEVELS
MULTIPLIED BY 400!
AND SINCE EARTH'S LEVEL
IS SIX AND DARK'S LEVEL
IS FIVE THAT MEANS THEIR
ATTACK POINTS ARE,
WELL, YOU DO THE MATH.
2400 AND 2000?
BUT THAT MEANS IF
I TAKE A DIRECT HIT
FROM BOTH OF THEM, MY
LIFE POINTS WILL BE...
HEH HEH. QUITE DIMINISHED.
TOO BAD FOR YOU!
THIS IS GONNA HURT.
OH, I'M COUNTING ON IT!
LET HIM HAVE IT!
GO CURSED THORN!
[GROANING]
BUT THE FUN'S
NOT OVER YET.
ROUND TWO!
GO GET HIM, LADY DARK!
DO WHAT YOU WILL.
THERE YOU GO,
ALL BANDAGED UP!
YOU'LL BE FINE.
BUT I BELIEVE IN MY
HEART THE CARLY I KNOW
IS STILL SOMEWHERE
DEEP INSIDE YOU!
AND I'M GOING TO DO
WHATEVER I MUST TO FIND
HER, BRING HER BACK OUT,
AND DO AWAY WITH YOU!
SO I'LL START BY
SUMMONING CRYING OGRE!
UNFORTUNATELY FOR YOU,
CRYING OGRE'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE EQUAL
TO THE AMOUNT OF DAMAGE
I TOOK FROM
THAT LAST ATTACK.
AND SINCE YOU ATTACKED
ME TWICE, HE GETS TO
AUTOMATICALLY BATTLE
THE SECOND MONSTER
THAT STRUCK ME...
SO GO TO IT!
[ROARS]
WELL, WELL, JACKIE.
GUESS YOU'RE GOING TO
BE PUTTING UP A FIGHT
AFTER ALL, EH?
IN THAT CASE, I THINK
I PLAY THIS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YOU KNOW, IT'S
BEST THIS WAY.
AFTER ALL WE'VE BEEN
THROUGH, IT WOULD BE
SUCH A SHAME TO TAKE
YOU DOWN WITHOUT
SOME RESISTANCE.
THIS WAY I CAN
REALLY SAVOR WATCHING
YOU SQUIRM.
AND BELIEVE ME, WITH
WHAT I HAVE PLANNED,
YOU'RE ABOUT TO
SQUIRM BIG TIME!
[THINKING]
JACK ATLAS MAY BE ONE
OF THE BEST DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD,
BUT IF HE REALLY IS
FACING A DARK SIGNER
THAT MAY NOT BE ENOUGH.
DARK SIGNERS PLAY
BY A WHOLE DIFFERENT SET
OF RULES,
AND THEY PLAY FOR KEEPS.
I HOPE JACK KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
OF COURSE HE KNOWS
AS LONG AS HE PLAYS
HIS GAME HE'LL COME
OUT ON TOP.
[THINKING]
I JUST HOPE HE
CAN STAY FOCUSED.
CARLY!
AFTER ALL, I KNOW
HE'S HAD A LOT
ON HIS MIND LATELY.
ALRIGHT,
IT'S MY TURN!
[THINKING]
CRYING OGRE
AND FORTUNE LADY EARTH
HAVE THE SAME NUMBER
OF ATTACK POINTS,
WHICH MEANS
IF THEY BATTLE,
THEY'LL ONLY
DESTROY EACH OTHER.
BUT THAT'S
ABOUT TO CHANGE!
I SUMMON POWER SUPPLIER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
DUE TO POWER SUPPLIER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
CRYING OGRE GAINS 400
ATTACK POINTS!
NOT SO FAST, JACKIE.
I PLAY A TRAP!
IT'S CALLED BENDING DESTINY,
AND IT RETURNS
POWER SUPPLIER
TO YOUR HAND!
NO WAY!
YES, AND I'M
AFRAID THERE'S MORE.
IT NEGATES SUPPLIER'S
EFFECT, AS WELL!
[THINKING]
NOT GOOD... NOW NOT ONLY
WILL CRYING OGRE BE
USELESS FOR THIS TURN,
NEXT TURN, WHEN CARLY'S
FORTUNE LADY EARTH'S
ATTACK POINTS INCREASE,
HE'LL BE A SITTING DUCK
FOR HER... AND HE'LL
NO DOUBT SHED SOME REAL
TEARS AFTER HER ASSAULT.
I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
ANOTHER LAME MOVE.
I EXPECTED SO MUCH MORE.
HERE, LET ME SHOW
YOU HOW IT'S DONE.
I HOPE YOU'RE READY!
HYAH!
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
NO ONE COULD BE READY
FOR WHAT I'M
ABOUT TO PLAY!
QUIT YOUR YAPPING
AND DUEL!
HMM. ALRIGHT, IF YOU INSIST,
BUT YOU ASKED FOR IT.
FIRST THINGS FIRST,
FORTUNE LADY'S
LEVEL INCREASES!
AND WHEN HER LEVEL
INCREASES, SO DO HER
ATTACK POINTS... TO 2800!
AND DID I MENTION
FORTUNE LADY'S
SPECIAL ABILITY?
OH, WAIT, I FORGOT...
YOU'RE SICK OF MY YAPPING
SO WHY DON'T YOU
JUST LOOK DOWN
AT YOUR LIFE POINTS
AND SEE FOR YOURSELF...
BECAUSE THERE'S ABOUT TO
BE 400 LESS OF THEM!
AAH! AAH!
AND NOW TO DEAL
WITH THAT OGRE!
GO, CURSED THORN!
[GROANING]
HA HA HA!
THAT'S RIGHT,
LAUGH...
WHILE YOU CAN.
OH, DON'T TELL ME,
JACKIE, YOU'VE ALREADY
LOST YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR...
WE'VE JUST BEGUN.
INDEED WE HAVE
AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT.
THERE'S A LONG
WAY TO GO!
AND IT'S GOING TO BE
ROUGH GOING FOR YOU!
YOU STILL DON'T
GET IT, DO YOU?
THE QUESTION OF WHO WINS
AND WHO LOSES THIS DUEL
HAS ALREADY BEEN
ANSWERED BY THE CARDS
JUST AS THE QUESTION OF
WHY I WAS CHOSEN TO BE
A DARK SIGNER WAS
ANSWERED BY THE CARDS.
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO
TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
THE CARDS WILL SPEAK
FOR THEMSELVES.
YOU'VE GONE DAFT.
DON'T BELIEVE ME?
HERE TAKE A LOOK.
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
Leo: OOH, YUSEI,
HE'S, HE'S...
HE'S GONE.
YUSEI!
NO!
YUSEI'S JUST
GOTTA BE ALRIGHT!
AND HE IS!
YUSEI'S A SURVIVOR,
THAT MUCH WE KNOW!
OF COURSE WHAT WE
DON'T KNOW IS WHERE
THIS GLOWING LAKE
OF LIGHT TOOK HIM.
WHERE IN THE WORLD?
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
WELL, I'M STILL
IN ONE PIECE.
[MOANING]
WHERE ARE ALL THOSE
THINGS COMING FROM?
AAH!
AAH! LET GO OF ME!
BEAT IT!
STAY BACK!
STAY BACK!!!
WAIT A SEC.
COULD THESE BE
THE SPIRITS OF THE PEOPLE
WHO DISAPPEARED WHEN
THE ORIGINAL ENER-D REACTOR
HAD ITS MELT DOWN?
WELL, IF THEY ARE,
THEY DON'T SEEM TO BE
VERY BIG FANS OF ME,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
AAH! HELP!!!
YOO-HOO.
WAKEY, WAKEY,
JACKIE, JACKIE.
DON'T WORRY IF YOU
FEEL A BIT GROGGY.
I KNOW I DID AFTER.
WHAT?
AFTER WHAT?
AFTER I BECAME
A DARK SIGNER, OF COURSE.
NO, NO.
THIS CAN'T BE.
BUT IT IS.
I WELCOME YOU TO
THE SHADOWS, JACKIE.
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE TO ME?
MY EYES, THEY'RE...
THEY'RE AS BLACK
AS THE NIGHT.
AN IMPROVEMENT,
I'D SAY.
I DID TRY TO WARN YOU,
OR DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
ONCE I ATTACKED WITH
FORTUNE LADY EARTH,
IT WAS ALL OVER.
THE MYSTICAL POWER
OF THE DARK SIGNERS
HAD INFECTED YOU.
YOU'RE ONE OF US NOW.
YOUR TRANSFORMATION
IS COMPLETE NOW, JACK.
AND SO IS THE WORLD'S.
HOW DOES ME BECOMING
A DARK SIGNER AFFECT
THE WORLD?
IN EVERY WAY
YOU CAN IMAGINE.
YOUR ALLEGIANCE
TO THE SHADOWS HAS SHIFTED
THE BALANCE OF NATURE.
NOW THE OCEANS BOIL
AND THE SKIES ARE
FOREVER DARK.
DEAR ME.
IT'S... IT'S...
BEAUTIFUL.
OF COURSE, THE SIGNERS
MIGHT DISAGREE BUT SINCE
THEY CAN ONLY CHALLENGE
OUR REIGN ONCE EVERY
FIVE THOUSAND YEARS,
THEY'LL JUST HAVE TO
DEAL WITH IT.
OR PAY THE PRICE
LIKE THEIR MONSTERS
ALREADY HAVE.
AND IT'S A STEEP
PRICE INDEED.
HA HA HA!
YES, I THINK IT'S ALL
COMING BACK TO ME.
ALL THE DESTRUCTION,
ALL THE DEVASTATION,
ALL PAVING THE WAY
TO THIS DELIGHTFUL
NEW PARADISE.
PARADISE, INDEED,
BECAUSE IN THIS
NEW WORLD YOU ARE
THE SUPREME RULER...
THE DARK KING,
ALL THAT YOU SEE
BEFORE YOU IS YOURS!
AS IT SHOULD BE.
WHAT A FOOL I WAS BEFORE
AS MY FORMER SELF.
COUNTING ON FRIENDS,
FIGHTING FOR WHAT IS
GOOD... WHAT A JOKE!
THIS IS WHERE I BELONG.
THIS IS WHAT DESTINY HAD
PLANNED FOR JACK ATLAS!
HOW RIGHT YOU ARE.
AND IT WAS IN THE CARDS
THE WHOLE TIME
LIKE I ALWAYS SAID.
ACTUALLY, IT WAS
IN ONE CARD TO BE EXACT.
ENLIGHTENMENT.
IT CHANGED EVERYTHING,
REMEMBER?
THAT'S RIGHT, JACK,
THIS WAS THE SAME CARD
THAT MADE ME REALIZE
WHY, WHY I WAS CHOSEN
TO BECOME ONE
OF THE DARK SIGNERS.
AND THE REASON WAS SO
I COULD FACE YOU
IN A DUEL, FACE YOU
AND DEFEAT YOU SO THAT
YOU COULD BECOME WHAT
YOU WERE DESTINED TO BE...
THE DARK KING!
AND HOW FITTING IT IS
THAT THIS IS THE CARD
I DO WITH IT!
WHEN ACTIVATED IT
ALLOWS THE MONSTER THAT
DESTROYED YOUR MONSTER
TO ATTACK A SECOND TIME!
IT'S OVER, JACK.
YOU'VE LOST THE DUEL.
DESTINY HAS
BEEN FULFILLED!
MY DESTINY...
FULFILLED.
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT THE PAST,
IT'S ALL ANCIENT HISTORY NOW
AND AS YOU CAN SEE
ALL TRACES
OF THAT WRETCHED
TIME ARE NO MORE.
INDEED. STRUCK
FROM THE EARTH
AS SOON
AS OUR DUEL ENDED.
HUH?
WAIT, THOSE ARE
CARLY'S.
BUT HOW, UNLESS...
WE'RE STILL
IN THE PRESENT
AND THIS HAS ALL
BEEN ONE BIG TRICK.
MEANING OUR DUEL
ISN'T OVER YET!
MEANING I CAN
PLAY THIS...
CHANGING DESTINY!
THIS TRAP CARD NEGATES
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK!
NO, WAIT.
SURE, MAYBE THAT WAS ALL
AN ILLUSION BUT, JACK,
IT COULD BE A REALITY.
DON'T YOU SEE, THAT'S
WHAT THE FUTURE HOLDS
FOR YOU IF YOU GIVE
INTO THE DARKNESS!
I'M NOT GIVING ANYTHING
TO THE DARKNESS,
IN FACT, I'M TAKING
SOMETHING BACK.
CARLY, THE REAL CARLY,
YOU GOT THAT?
SO GET READY!
[SPIRITS MOANING]
AAH! AAH! AAH!
STAND DOWN, OH,
LOST SPIRITS
OF THE NETHERWORLD.
IT IS NOT YET
THIS ONE'S TIME.
YUSEI, THERE IS STILL
MUCH FOR YOU TO DO BACK
IN THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
HEY, WHO ARE YOU?
SOMEONE NOT TO
BE QUESTIONED.
[GROANING]